c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\IsraelBlock.dll.config
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\IsraelBlock.dll
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\IsraelBlock.pdb
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\obj\Debug\IsraelBlock.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\obj\Debug\IsraelBlock.dll
c:\users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\obj\Debug\IsraelBlock.pdb
C:\Users\israe\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\obj\Debug\IsraelBlock.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\israe\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\israe\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\israe\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\israe\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\IsraelBlock\IsraelBlock\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
